readme.md, before:

# [modpack] The Mobpack
[[Modpack] The Mobpack [mob_pack]](https://forum.minetest.org/viewtopic.php?f=9&t=14822>)

This is a mirror of <https://bitbucket.org/TailsTheFenniken/mob_pack> (which is an empty repo with Downloads in downloads area).


## Differences in Poikilos' fork
- The releases are in version control.
- The license information is more complete and correct.
  - The teletron code uses the BlockMen zombie as a reference, but the
    code is not a derivative since CME is an API. Get over it,
    BlockMen.
  - Other mobs are no longer all said to be based on Snapper, since mobs
    redo is an API. Modders, stop saying your mob is "based on" another
    mob or on mobs redo or other APIs--an API is what you are using and
    every def will look the same: will you cite every mob ever? No.
    - The author is TTFYT not "Snappers...azekill_DIABLO" for trash_can
      code.
    - The author is TTFYT not "Snappers...azekill_DIABLO..for trash_can"
      for tailstheanimatronic code.
  - The withered_tails (ambiguously called "*teletron*" something)
    license ambiguity is resolved. The incorrect citation "Zombie model
    derived from the default player model by Nathan Salapat" and
    ambiguous citation for the "...teletron" as "Nathan Salapat" is
    replaced by the correct authors (MirceaKitsune and stujones11 for
    the player model in some mods; them and Nathan Salapat for the
    zombie models based on the player model.
    - The teletron model is unrelated to withered_tails
      ("Withered teletron/TTA") and is rather the BlockMen zombie model
      for CME.
    - The "default player model" (character.b3d) itself is not among the
      upstream Nathan Salapat models (hence not in withered_tails), but
      is in the drillers and tailstheanimatronic mods. Here is the
      license:
      <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/minetest/minetest_game/master/mods/player_api/README.txt>)
  - The forum thread is considered authoritative as far as authors go,
    since much of the code, including code containing author lists, is
    copypasta from Snappers (code which azekill_DIABLO provided).
- Make indentations uniform.

## Licenses
### Code
Where not otherwise stated in the mod, code is
copyright (c) 2016 TTFYT (a.k.a. "TailsTheFoxDoes MT")
[MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

### Media
Where not otherwise stated in the mod, media is
copyright (c) 2016 TTFYT (a.k.a. "TailsTheFoxDoes MT")
[Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/)
(CC BY-SA 3.0)

Commit message:

Change titling to reflect the new repo name.

readme.md, after:

# [modpack] Robot Distopia Mobs [mobs_robot_distopia]
<https://github.com/poikilos/mobs_robot_distopia>

This is a fork of [[Modpack] The Mobpack
[mob_pack]](https://forum.minetest.org/viewtopic.php?f=9&t=14822>), but
with a name (and many other aspects) that are less ambigous, and soon
to be less redundant (It is technically imported from
(<https://bitbucket.org/TailsTheFenniken/mob_pack> but that is an empty
repo with versions in the Downloads area).


## Differences in Poikilos' fork
- See progress at: [issues](https://github.com/poikilos/mobs_robot_distopia/issues?q=is%3Aissue).
- The releases are in version control.
- The license information is more complete and correct.
  - The teletron code uses the BlockMen zombie as a reference, but the
    code is not a derivative since CME is an API. Get over it,
    BlockMen.
  - Other mobs are no longer all said to be based on Snapper, since mobs
    redo is an API. Modders, stop saying your mob is "based on" another
    mob or on mobs redo or other APIs--an API is what you are using and
    every def will look the same: will you cite every mob ever? No.
    - The author is TTFYT not "Snappers...azekill_DIABLO" for trash_can
      code.
    - The author is TTFYT not "Snappers...azekill_DIABLO..for trash_can"
      for tailstheanimatronic code.
  - The withered_tails (ambiguously called "*teletron*" something)
    license ambiguity is resolved. The incorrect citation "Zombie model
    derived from the default player model by Nathan Salapat" and
    ambiguous citation for the "...teletron" as "Nathan Salapat" is
    replaced by the correct authors (MirceaKitsune and stujones11 for
    the player model in some mods; them and Nathan Salapat for the
    zombie models based on the player model.
    - The teletron model is unrelated to withered_tails
      ("Withered teletron/TTA") and is rather the BlockMen zombie model
      for CME.
    - The "default player model" (character.b3d) itself is not among the
      upstream Nathan Salapat models (hence not in withered_tails), but
      is in the drillers and tailstheanimatronic mods. Here is the
      license:
      <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/minetest/minetest_game/master/mods/player_api/README.txt>)
  - The forum thread is considered authoritative as far as authors go,
    since much of the code, including code containing author lists, is
    copypasta from Snappers (code which azekill_DIABLO provided).
- Make indentations uniform.

## Licenses
### Code
Where not otherwise stated in the mod, code is
copyright (c) 2016 TTFYT (a.k.a. "TailsTheFoxDoes MT")
[MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

### Media
Where not otherwise stated in the mod, media is
copyright (c) 2016 TTFYT (a.k.a. "TailsTheFoxDoes MT")
[Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/)
(CC BY-SA 3.0)
